---
title: "Hamilton Students Seminar Series - Meetings"
date: 2019-2020
output: pdf_document
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = TRUE)
```


# Meetings

## 1st meeting: June 4, 2019

## Summary

- The seminars will start at the end of September (start of term 2)
- A priori, we will have one seminar every week
- Abstracts should be asked to the speakers one week in advance, for us to advertise it and maybe make a small booklet after
- The schedule needs to be discussed over Slack:
  - The order can be voluntary
  - If no one volunteers to present at some date, we'll randomly assign a name
- Damien will check if there's any funding possibility for the seminars (for food, for example)
- In general, the pesenter's supervisor will not be invited, unless the presenter decides otherwise, for her or his own reasons 


## Action points

- Organise the mailing list - Hazel [TO DO]
- Set up (or check how to setup up) the webpage - Tristan [To DO]
- Make a poll to decide the best day and time for the seminars - Bruna [DONE]
- After the day/time is decided, book the seminar room with Kate - Bruna  [TO DO]


## 2nd meeting: June 27, 2019

## Summary

  - We set up the day and time of the week for the seminars to be every Thursday at 11am; 
  - Hazel communicated that we'll have to use the current mailing
  list for advertising, and that the emails should be sent out by Kate/Rosemary; 
  - The seminars will start in September 26; 
  - The current schedule is available at:
  
  `https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BkxZIgsHCDD-ASGVtmsn6NoN7O5q8lcvXDopfqrsvBk/edit?usp=sharing`
  - Apparently we can't get any money for food, but we'll try asking Ken 
  once more 

## Action points

- Book the seminar room with Kate - Bruna 
- Organise the mailing list - Hazel
- Set up (or check how to setup up) the webpage - Tristan

## 2nd meeting: TBA
